# alternative version

As of today (12/07/2023), the current price of 1 Ethereum is about 1600 dollars. If we were to deploy our project today, buying one NFT would cost about 160 dollars. The current list price for a triple-A video game is 80 US dollars. This means that for the price of two video games, you not only support developers who are investing their time and effort in coding for free because they want to, in the spirit of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) development, but also contribute to a sustainable development model.

This model is reminiscent of the principles outlined in the GNU Manifesto, which advocates for software to be free in terms of users' freedoms to use, study, modify, and distribute it. The manifesto argues that restricting the use of software is socially harmful and that the act of sharing software is a fundamental act of friendship among programmers.

In theory, if all 10,000 NFTs get sold, this would generate a capital pool of about 1.6 million dollars. Conservatively staking would mean a revenue stream of 80,000 dollars per year, or about 6,500 dollars per month, which can be invested sustainably in the development of the particular SS13 open source remake. This is the equivalent of the salary of two full-time hired devs or multiple times the current bounties of the current SS13 remake projects, without losing the aspect of decommodification of SS13 as an open source project from the community.

The buyer also holds an exchange of value displayed in the NFT and its rarity. Following market mechanisms, one can expect, with the condition of a successful launch, to at least resell one's own NFT for the same price or higher depending on the rarity score of the particular NFT. Implementing in the smart contract a dividend of the sale via OpenSea etc., the sales will additionally generate funding for the developers getting into the capital pool. It can be assumed that this basic idea resonates with the gaming community and aligns with the basic principles of open source development as presented in the GNU Manifesto.
